**WARNING: Once Online, do not use Online Updater!  You may break things, 
and end up needing to uninstall kernel, install/flash custom kernel, and
reinstall HMODS all over again, if you use this Option!  So, stay away
from it, at least, for now!**

**First of all, the fully tested, and recommended Wi-Fi Adapter to use is:

TP-LINK TL-WN725N, which is of the Realtek 8188 chipset.  Other adapters may
work.  But, they are not guaranteed to!  

From Scratch (SKip first two steps, if you do not want to do from scratch:)

1.   Uninstall Kernel

2.   Install/Flash Custom Kernel  (Always necessary for drivers to install 
to PC, especially from scratch!)

3.   Install WPA Supplicant HMOD from Xtras/WIFI Folder, as well as any other 
HMODS you'd like to use on NAND Internal Flash Memory

4.   Install PUTTY 32/64 bit, whichever applies to you

5.   Power on system, wait for clovershell connection

6.   Be sure telnet is enabled in hakchi2 CE Tools

7.   Open up Putty, select telnet, and input in Host Name (or IP Address) section: 

Copy and paste or type in the IP Address that shows up in Hakchi2 CE, Tools, Telnet
IE: 10.234.137.10 is the one I had! ANd, for Port, it should be 23

8.   Click Open

9.   madmonkey login: TYPE IN: root  (You will get a nice list of many contributors
who have personally worked with madmonkey in the Mini NES/SNES Scene:)

10.  root@madmonkey:~# TYPE IN: wifi-wpa-setup

11.  Enter SSID Router NAME & PASS (Must contain NO Spaces, or will not work)

12.  Close Putty

13.  Connect ONLY the Wi-Fi Adapter to your OTG Device, and power on System.
Shut down once you get default Games!

14.  Connect any other additional devices, mouse, keyboard, flash drive, per normal.
Then, boot up, again.

15.  If you'd like to use RetroAchievements, which work just like on Playstation 
or XBOX, go to RetroAchievements.org, make an account, and validate it via email!
Note:  If validation fails, use an alternate email, or make a post on the forum!

11.  RetroArch Settings, Achievements, enter User+Password from RetroAchievements.org
Account, then have fun!

12.  If using 1.7.3 NetPLAY Edition, you should be able to go into RetroArch 
Settings/WIFI, and select from a list of Routers, right then and there!  And, 
simply enter the Pass Code to connect.  I have not fully tested this option,
as I have already connected via Telnet!  But, it may work:)

This Tutorial will be updated to reflect any changes, as they come into play!

Sincerely, KMFDManic:)