NOTE: This is WIP of any and all Games, etc, that I have been asked to look into fixing, tweaking, etc!

Hello everyone:)  Contained within these two ReadMes! are the list of Specific Game Performance Boosts I am either 
working on, or have already included in RetroArch Xtreme!

These are categorized in two different ways.  Static and Dynamic!  Static will NEVER change in their names!  They are
forever etched in stone, and will NOT work if their rom set names are changed!  Dynamic, on the other hand, can be named
practically anything, and still work!  In any case, I will specify what each type of change reflects, in these notes:)
Feel free to request additional games to be looked into, fixed, and tweaked!

NOTE: Not all games will need Performance Upgrades.  Some are simply an issue to to incorrect rom sets, etc:)  I will do my best to 
help sort out issues, in that respect!  If I do find games that do not need anything done to them, I will leave a temporary note 
next to them in the ReadMes!, and remove them at some point!  Ones that do get Performance Upgrades will show up in the main ReadMe!

Personal Thanks to those who suggested these games, at bottom of both ReadMes!:)  If you suggested a game and are not
in the thanks list, remind me so that I can put you there!  Thanks to all of you!

Air Gallet agalletu.zip
Aqua Jack aquajacku.zip
Bucky O'Hare bucky.zip 
Combatribes ctribe.zip
Crackdown
darius gaiden (Performance Upgraded for MAME 2003:)
Dark Seal Games
Dimahoo diamahoou.zip 
DoDonpachi ddonpach.zip
DoDonpachi DAI-OU-JOU ddpdoj.zip
Dragon Ball Advance (GBA)
Dynagear
Espgaluda
ESP Ra. De. esparade.zip
Groove on Fight 
Jackie Chan Fighting Game
Knights of Valour 2 (kov2p.zip) better than kov2.zip = greatly expanded roster of fighters!! (Performance Upgraded for FBA 2016:)
Lucky & Wild
Martial Masters
Metamorphic Force metamrph.zip
Mystic Warriors mystwarru.zip
Oriental Legend
Power Drift
Progear progear.zip
Road Riot 4WD (doesn't work)
Run N GUn 1-2
Scramble Spirits
Slam Dunk
Steel gunner 1 & 2Yoshi Topsy Turvy (GBA)
SVG: Spectral vs Generation (svgpcb.zip)
Super Smash Bros (N64)
Turbo Out Run
twinklestar sprites
Vasara
Wild West Cowboys moomesa.zip
xexex 
Yoshi's Story (N64)

**Personal Thanks!!!**
devily
Read the Scriptures!
Frapcaster
Geo K
Gucc_W6
J Goddard
Jamie Dugger 
Joel4602
Raven
remyseven
SebasHCG
shedeus
Tamy Pham
TIMOTHY Knight
ultraball69 