NOTE:) samples can be installed via km_mame_custom_samples.hmod

Thanks to the hard work and dedication and patience of gpstar!,
we now have support in MAME 2003 Xtreme for the ability to run a very special Custom
Soundtrack with Out Run. All 3 rom sets can be used, outrun.zip, outruna.zip, and outrunb.zip
Just rename the samples zip to match the rom set name:)
gpstar has done an exceptional job!

Sincerely, KMFDManic!!!  (May we only get more of these incredible Custom OST Mods in the future, for MAME 2003!:)

gpstar Notes:)

The game lacks any music during the title screen, so I put together a 2 piece arrangement, with a bit of timing and use of 
counters, I got it going pretty good, it starts with a quiet electronic intro roll then when the title splash appears, it switches to 
another sample file. Give it a test and see. I cut it and pieced it together based off Kavinsky's Outrun prelude theme.

Since the game came out in 1986 and uses a Ferrari Testarossa from that time period, I put together a 80s synthwave theme soundtrack 
from various new wave internet synth sources to give it that 80s high fly feeling from that time period that i'm sure most people
are fond of when they first played the game. I tried to mix up the feel between the 3 in game driving music, from a high flying 80s
hairband style synth rock, to more mellow and hip pieces. The in game tracks are easily replaced as follows:

Magical Sound Shower:
track1-01.wav (left channel)
track1-02.wav (right channel)

Passing Breeze:
track3-01.wav (left channel)
track3-02.wav (right channel)

Splash Wave:
track4-01.wav (left channel)
track4-02.wav (right channel)

Final Wave: (only used during the map screen and game over screen)
map-01.wav (left channel)
map-02.wav (right channel)

intro and title-cut are cuts I put together to add some music to the title screen.

As with all previous mame soundtracks, the files have to be 8bit mono wav files. The system will mix the 2 mono tracks
into a stereo track like before. or if one of the mono tracks is missing, it'll mix a single mono track into both channels,
or if the sample file is missing, it will default back to the original music.