NOTE: This is mainly for Archive Purposes, at this point:)  Many things have
changed, USB-HOST wise!  So, take anything you read with a grain of salt!

**It has been over a few months since USB-HOST has first been introduced!  I truly 
appreciate all of the feedback that has come my way to make things a much
better experience for us all!  Those of you completely NEW to USB-HOST, I 
would suggest watching my videos on it, as well as following this truly
excellent Guide on Reddit, that my friend BsLeNuL painstakingly put together!

The Guide!

https://www.reddit.com/r/miniSNESmods/comments/7hyd1d/usbhost_guide_step_by_step_installation_guide/

The Video! (Note, you DO not need to flash original kernel, after uninstalling with hakchi2!)

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jt_DprGPCOw&t=260s

Also, another Reddit friend of mine helped test a few things, and here are his results.  

Testing finished and looking real good! Does NOT seem to be the flash drive,
nor the custom splash screen enabled version of hakchi (both seemingly working
just fine now), but two other things that I noticed are crucial when setting it all up:
NEVER add games to hakchi2 other than dragging them on the games list in the program or 
via the „Add more games“ button there, ONLY delete games by right-clicking an then 
deleting them in the program‘s games list! NEVER add seperate ID‘d games-folders 
(CLV-x-xxxx) from other, e.g. previous hakchi2 games libraries to your current one 
since this might mess up the indexing of your whole library and then lead to C3 and 
C8 errors, up to the system not booting up but boot-looping instead!
Whenever you added games to your library the way described above, make name changes,
box-art changes or command-line changes, always CLOSE hakchi2 and re-open it before 
syncing to make sure everything is saved and stored properly. When changing folders 
or moving games between them in the sync menu, always CANCEL & SAVE FOLDER STRUCTURE, 
then again CLOSE and re-open hakchi2 before actually finally syncing to USB! Otherwise
changes might not be executed correctly leading to just a fragment of the existing
folders being displayed and able to be accessed by the SNESC!  I don‘t know if these
two things have ever been publicly emphasized but it might be worth doing so once more
- I bet lots of the problems other people are experiencing are related to at least one
of them. The custom splash screen-enabled version of hakchi does seem to react less
forgiving to indexing errors and similar stuff than the previous version.

Credit to SkyCyberguy for his Test Results outlined above:)

Now, then, the Original Cheat Sheet.  I apologize for its somewhat convoluted 
nature!  I will clean it up through-out this upcoming week!  I will better
streamline quicker video tutorials to get right into the fray of the action, 
as well!!!  

With no further ado, and much appreciation to you all!, KMFDManic:)

USB-HOST EXPANDABLE STORAGE CHEAT SHEET:

Welcome to the Fantastic Work of madmonkey, originator of hakchi1 & USB-HOST!

First-off, if you want to use folders, I would recommend doing your folder set-up, 
the way you want it to be.  

Then, uninstall Hakchi2

Next, install the HMODS you want to use, either with Hakchi2, per normal!  There
is no need to Custom Flash:)  Be sure to include the two following ones

fontfix.hmod (whichever one; Font Set-Up will change in next Update:)
tiny7zx-dynamic.hmod (This will allow you to run 7zipped Games:)

(Note: If you have issues with either of these hmods, just uninstall them, and use
simplified character names (No parenthesis, etc., in the file names, themselves...
whether or not they are compressed/non-compressed.  Internal file names count!

Alternately, you can use hakchi1, itself to install/uninstall HMODS!  This may
be helpful to those of you who get shutdown errors when trying to do USB-HOST
Modification.  To do this, navigate to the following path...

/mod/hakchi/transfer/hmod

Then, simply copy and paste the HMODS you want installed.  It is recommended to
keep these to 60 Mb or less, per transfer.  Delete any that you want uninstalled.
Rebuild Kernel THEN, Memboot will install/uninstall these.  

There is also, now, a third method of installing/uninstalling HMODS.  You will need
the latest Official Hakchi1 in my Core Set, dated at least 11-28-17.  To do this
you will make a folder with following path, hakchi/transfer  You will then copy
and paste any HMODS that you would like installed!  Powering on the system will
boot into a secondary splash screen signifying that these are being installed!
To uninstall ALL HMODS, for now (this will change with alternate method of 
uninstalling them individually, in a near-future Update!), make the 
hakchi/transfer folder...then copy the uninstall file from Advanced Users
folder inside it.  Powering on the system will uninstall any and all HMODS.
You will then get a shutdown error.  To get back in action, you will need to
do hakchi/transfer again, and copy and paste madmonkey-modules-3.4.112.hmod
inside it, along with any additional Cores you want installed!

So, there you have it, 3 different ways of installing, uninstalling HMODS:)  
All 3 work for me.  But, some may have preference with one over another!

Then, 

WORD ASSOCIATION STEPS: 

Seriously = Stock Kernel
Don't     = Dump Kernel  
U         = Unpack Kernel  
F'ing     = Flash Kernel
Remember  = Rebuild Kernel
Me?       = Memboot

GAMEs:

Either copy Game Folders, intact, from GAMES or GAMES_SNES Folders into
Storage Device, with path hakchi/games OR, open up the Specially Modified
Version of Hakchi2 (either E or F, which are both included), with Export
Game Support, Have set to use Folders. Then, hold down SHIFT when clicking 
synch, to transfer games to location of your choice!

(Huge thanks to DanTheMan827 for this Modification!)

(Note: There are alternate ways to do folders.  But, for now, I would like to
keep things simplified and streamlined as possible, to avoid confusion!  I will
follow-up with more on this in future Updates.

SAVES: Path hakchi/saves (case sensitive.  Must be lower-case!)

IE: hakchi/games  hakchi/saves

FOLDERS: 

Use either of DanTheMan827's Custom Hakchi2 Variants, and set-up Folders
as you'd like.  Hold shift, when synching, to choose location to transfer
the Games to!  If you get directory not empty when using Custom Folders 
Variant of Hakchi2, Copy them to an empty directory, THEN to the flash 
drive:) 

QUICK NOTES:

-After any HMOD installs/uninstalls (using hakchi1/2...use Rebuild Kernel
, THEN Memboot in hakchi1 Gui

-Originally, Format for the Flash Drive, etc, was in order of Extfat2/3, 
then Fat32, and lastly NTFS.  From tons and tons of feedback, I am now
changing this to Fat32, as having the most success among users!  So, take
that with a grain of salt, and try Fat32, if all else fails!  I will get 
more into the Fat32 thing, and include tools, in next Update or so:)

-If running with Storage Device disconnected, default Games Should load!

-If you run into any problems, simply use hakchi2 to uninstall Kernel, and
go back to stock:)

-When installing HMODS, do not go more than 60 Mb worth at a time.  Or, you
will get an invalid kernel size error.  Do 1+ transfers, if necessary.

-hakchi/saves directory is optional for SNESC; Mandatory for NESC!  

-7z.fix can be used to correct game paths on Storage Device.

-This Cheat Sheet will be adjusted, accordingly, with future changes.
The main ReadMe will not be updated anymore.  I would prefer you 
all be able to see the true starting point of it all!

Sincerely,

KMFDManic...