Team Pixelboy

Gulkave : Access a secret menu by pressing UP, UP, DOWN, DOWN, UP, RIGHT, DOWN, LEFT, DOWN, DOWN at the title screen. 
This menu contains a sound test and also lets you set the difficulty level (normal or hard).
 
Pitfall II Arcade : To get infinite lives in this game, enter 54312 with the keypad at the title screen. 
Also, you can enable "ghost mode" (i.e. invincibility) by entering the code 89999 at the title screen, but keep in mind that it doesn't work 
with terrain hazards and mine carts.
 
Girl's Garden : Start playing the game, and at any point you can enter 8675309 (Jenny's phone number!) to unlock access to cheat features! 
Press the keypad keys to add lives, honey pots, flowers, etc. Take note that a dot appears next to your score to indicate that you are in "cheat mode"... cheater. 
 
Ninja Princess : To access a cheat menu, quickly enter UP, DOWN, UP, UP, DOWN, DOWN, DOWN, UP, UP, DOWN, UP at the title screen. 
This cheat menu lets you select the starting stage number and also lets you set the number of lives.
 
Quest for the Golden Chalice : Enter 444555 with the keypad at the title screen to unlock Quests 4 and 5. 
You can also enter the code SQUARE (708273) to turn the Prince into a smiling square for the entire duration of the game. 
Also, after entering the code 865336 at the title screen, you will be able to teleport directly to any screen at any time during 
the main game by entering the code 00 to 53. If you're playing Quest 4 or Quest 5, you can also teleport directly to the wizard's current location 
by entering 99 on the keypad. Finally, you can perform a sound test by entering one of these codes at the title screen: 687421 (Silence), 687422 (Main music), 
687423 (Victory music), 687424 (Easter Egg music), 687425 (Dungeon music).
 
King's Valley : While playing the game, you can make the hidden doors appear immediately by holding down both fire buttons, holding the joystick down, and pressing 0 
on the keypad. Now just go trough the door to move on to the next (or previous) level!
 
Module Man : You can access the "deluxe" mode of the game (with more screens) by entering 777111 at the title screen. You can also enter 385 at the title screen 
to access the debug mode (experiment with the keypad keys while playing to see what you can do in debug mode). Finally, 
you can play a hidden mini-game by entering 222666 at the title screen.
 
Mecha-8 : Enter 421 at the title screen to activate the debug mode. You can press 3 on the keypad during the game to pass directly to the next level 
(or to the ending after the last level). You can also press 4 to fast-forward to the boss of the current level.
 
The Stone of Wisdom : During the "CASIO" logo sequence, hold down 1 on the keypad while holding down the right trigger button, and you will become totally 
immune to damage. Or, still during the "CASIO" logo sequence, hold down 2 on the keypad while holding down the right trigger button to gain the ability to continue 
after death.
 
Super Pac-Man : Enter 4567 at the title screen to access the secret Classic Pac-Man, which is the MSX port of Pac-Man. While playing Classic Pac-Man, 
enter 1809 with the keypad to make the 4 blinking power pellets reappear (after Pac-Man has eaten them) or enter 0712 to add one life to your reserves.
 
Mecha-9 : Enter 731 at the title screen to activate the debug mode. Try the keypad keys during the main game to see what they do. 
 
Caverns of Titan : During the main game, you can add a life to your reserves at any time by pressing 1 on Player 1's controller 
and 2 on Player 2's controller simultaneously. You can also freeze all enemies on the screen by pressing 3 on Player 1's controller 
and 4 on Player 2's controller simultaneously. Finally, you can skip to the next level by pressing 5 on Player 1's controller 
and 6 on Player 2's controller simultaneously. IMPORTANT: For any of these cheats to work, you have to hold down the two keypad buttons until 
the screen briefly flashes, which takes roughly a second. Oh, and you can also continue after game over by pressing 5 on Player 1's controller,
 but I haven't tested this so I'm not sure exactly when you're supposed to press 5. Perhaps someone can check? 
 
Cold Blood : Move the joystick RIGHT, UP, DOWN and RIGHT at the title screen to make the "EXTRA" option appear. Move the menu cursor next to "EXTRA",
 and press the trigger button to see some bloopers.
 
Deep Dungeon Adventure : Did you know there's a secret game hidden in your Deep Dungeon Adventure cartridge? To access it, hold down the (5) key on both controllers 
while turning on (or resetting) your console. Have fun!
 
J.E.T.P.A.C. : Hold the joystick up while turning on the console (or while pushing the reset button) to remove the gravity. 
Also, you can turn your astronaut into a one-hit-kill wonder (making the game incredibly difficult) by holding the joystick right while booting/rebooting the game.
 
Kaboom! : Get infinite lives by entering this code at the title screen: 84572093