Weird Sh*t 
This section lists the Weird Sh*t found in NES games and products.If you know an answer to the EVER WONDER part, tell me. BTW, don't be insulted, if an idea of yours is in the section. You're probably not the first to think of it. * I really need some pics for this area, if you have anything to submit, either new or old, email it! 

Ever notice that: 

When Master Higgins gets burned in the Adventure Island games, it looks like his loin cloth of leaves gets incinerated. Mmm... Naked Master Higgins... 

In Adventure Island II, Volacno Island looks remarkably like North America (from Nintendo Top Secret) 

in Adventures of Dino-Riki, Dino-Riki flails his arms around like he's a fashion model... 

also, in Adventures of Dino-Riki, Dino-Riki looks like he's 15 on the cover, but looks about eight in the game? 

In Adventures of Lolo the evil bad guy is named The Great Devil, and Lala's land is called Eden; however, in Lolo 2 and 3, the same bad guy is named The King of Eggerland, and Lala's land is called Lala land. I guess HAL got complaints from religious nuts. 

In The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, Tom fights the blimp boss of level 5 in a cloud using what appears to be rain. However, it looks like Tom is urinating. Must be acid piss :-) 

Alfred Chicken: That whole game is just fucking bizzare. 

Air Fortress is another misleading title. The hero wears a spacesuit inside the fortresses because there is no air in them! 

The main bad guy of Arkanoid is named Doh. 

all Arnold movies made into NES games, Conan,Predator,Total Recall,The Terminator,T2: Judgment Day,and Last Action Hero, SUCK ASS? 

Astyanax, Kid Icarus, and Metroid all have a creatures that look like Metroids. 

In Astyanax, the flying creatures in level 1-1 look suspicisly like metroids? 

Also about Astyanax, isn't it disturbing that high a school student is proficient in medivel weaponry and magic? 

How the hell did Karnov get involved with a cabal of ninjas in Bad Dudes? 

Why would a cabal of ninjas kidnap Ronald Reagan in the first place. He wouldn't remember he was the president anyway. 

At the end of Base Wars, there's an interesting credit: Sub Programmer Yaiugon ? What, couldn't they remember the guy's name? 

in Batman, with the exception of the Joker, all the enemies aren't in the movie/ 

About Big Nose The Caveman: 

It would be easier for the caveman to just hunt something locally than to travel across several islands trying to catch a dinosaur. 

Dinosaurs and humans didn't coexist. 

Cavemen didn't believe in Christianity, if they did, I'd be really impressed. So why does Bignose turn into an angel when he dies? 

Doesn't the guy who says "Blades of Steel" in Blades of Steel sounds like the guy who was the voice of the Mad Hatter in Disney's Alice in Wonderland? 

Also BOS didn't have the greatest clarity with its digitalized sound. "Hit the goal" can be easily misheard as the ethic slur, "hit the Pole!" 

Why are there sharks and floors of water in the department store in The Blues Brothers? When I think of a department stores, I don't imagine large bodies of salt water. 

Also, the mall cops shoot at TBB even though they're unarmed.   

Also, it's very strange that TBB find themseleves in a huge frezzer.  

these two skulls (Skull from Castlevania series and Life Force) look very similar: 

(pics thanks to Gromit's Nintendo Wasteland) 

Castlevania's credits at the end of the game give credit and thanks to famous Universal horror movie stars. 

All three Castlevania games have slits that look like movie reels on their title screens. One can only imagine that this was done in homage to horror films. 

In City Connection, the rogue driver lights up a cigarette in between rounds? How did Nintendo let Jaleco get away with that?! 

The plot of City Connection is that you are a guy who just robbed a paint store and the cops are after you, and guess what- your leaking paint. Being the genius that you are, you decide to race around the entire city painting all the roads so the cops can't trace you. *Comment* This would make a great story for America's Dumbest Criminals 

OK, given the plot of City Connection, isn't it stupid that the robber goes to New York, London, Paris, etc; where he rips off more paint stores. Just how fucking stupid is this guy?! 

Contra is probably the most misleading title of any NES game. The soldiers are Americans who are fighting aliens in South America. The only contra is this game would be the unlimited supply of bullets that the soldiers have. 

The introduction of Double Dragon II: The Revenge was censored and edited from its original arcade scene, where Machine Gun Willy blows Marian away. Now it is insinuated that Chin took a sword and slashed her. Although the chick turns up alive at the end of the game unexplained. 

Doesn't Elevator Action sound dirty? 

Bump N' Jump also sounds dirty. (Thanks guy in #nes98, I think it was IMP) 

Note that Eliminator Boat Duel is spelled E-L-I-M-O-N-A-T-O-R on the top tag and correctly spelled on the body tag. I wonder who made that mistake. 

Next to Contra, Final Fantasy is the most inaccurate title of any game; there are eleven FF games on 5 different systems.    

in Final Fantasy, unless you already knew about it or stumbled upon the pits by accident, you would never go on the Quest of Courage to upgrade your characters? 

also, in FF, why do you need the crown to enter the Castle in Chapter 5? If you didn't have the crown, there would be no way you could get to Chapter 3! 

In Ghost 'N Goblins isn't it weird that Arthur takes his girlfriend to the graveyard in his underwear? 

About Kid Icarus: 

Isn't it weird how the game has both angels (Christianity, Judaism) and Greek Mythology? 

Does Kid Icarus wear anything under that tunic? 

Ever wonder in what way, the Goddess of Light turns Pit (Kid Icarus) from a boy into a man? 

Why is Konami obsessed with Easter Island Heads? (Castlevania, Gradius 1, 2, and 3. Life Force) 

Konami has made the most amount of the greatest Nintendo games. 

all Kung-Fu games share the same sounds of kicks and punches? 

in Kung-Fu, you don't figure out the plot until after level 2? (Thanks, Mallrat64@hotmail.com) 

About Life Force: 

That the plot of the game is to blast out of a huge alien named Zelos, who just swallowed your planets of Gradius and Latis? 

That at the end of the game, you fly out of a planet, and not Zelos? (There are many rumors about this. I think that Komani just asked its programmers to make a sequel to Gradius; they didn't give them a plot.) 

Isn't in also weird that you just happen to destroy three body-related bosses in the game? (brain, skull, and heart) 

Is the Prominence Stage what happens when Zelos gets heartburn? 

Why is Life Force named Life Force? Is it because of the little ball on the title screen that turns to be an enemy at stage 6? Or is it because of Zelos' eating habits? 

That really cool looking viper on the cover appears in the game. He surrounds Zelos' heart and soul, but I think that he looked much more menacing on the cover. 

There is a big debate that Life Force is not the sequel to Gradius, but rather a companion game. People who believe it is not a sequel point out that Gradius 2 was released in Japan, but the production was halted on the US version. They also point out that Gradius III was released in the US on the SNES. People who think that Life Force is a sequel say that the debate is irrelevant, because Life Force kicks Gradius 2's ass. 

If you do not kill Zelos's heart and soul, but merely fly out of stage six, you will be warped back to stage 4. 

Life Force was called Salamander in Japan. I have no idea why. Maybe that thing that flies anyone Zelos's heart and soul isn't a dragon, or viper, but a salamander. Gee, now I'm all disappointed; the point of the game is to kill a lizard... 

In Rad Racer you are in the Transamerica competition, yet course four is the ruins of Athens, Greece. 

Rambo looks nothing Sly Stallone? 

Don't you think that George and Lizzy in Rampage are just really King Kong and Godzilla? And why did the programmers leave out the Wolf-Man? 

In Ring King the assistants give the boxers blow-jobs between rounds. 

Rush N' Attack, if spoken out loud, sounds like a game about fighting commies. 

in Soap and Panic, there is a fully naked woman at the bottom of the screen: (thanks Mallrat) 

both the Super Mario Bros series and the Castlevania series follow the pattern that the second game is drastically different from the first, then the third game is just the first game on steroids? 

that Princess Toadstool in SMB 3 looks like she's on coke (look at her eyes)? 

also in SMB 3, it is never mentioned who is the mother of the Koopa Kids? 

In the arcade version of Skulls and Crossbones your pirate's life is indicated by the amount of blood and stabbing wounds of his shirt. 

Take a look at the cover artwork for Swords & Serpents. The men are REAL men, the wizards are REAL wizards, the women are UNREAL women; they have Linda Hamilton's Terminator 2 body with 4 inch waists and 36 triple D size breasts. I guess Acclaim knows their target audience for RPGs well, sex-obseesed geeks with no chance of getting laid. 

In Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 2, isn't it funny that the exact number of enemies at the end of the first level is 69, and there's a screaming woman in the room? 

 

Tiny Toons Adventures 2: Trouble in Wackyland has a big mistake in the title. Wackyland is an area inside of Acme Acres, where all the insane toons, like Go-Go Dodo live, not an amusement park. 

Top Gun has nothing to do with the movie. 

Totally Rad totally sucks. 

The Black Manta in Wrath of the Black Manta is purple. 

Ganon's laugh in Zelda 2 sounds exactly the same as Soda Popinski 's laugh in Punch Out!!? 

Both Zelda 2 and Castlevania III have flying eyeballs that drop fire? 

Two possible bugs in A Boy and His Blob: 1) it is sometimes possible to run off a gap and then by pressing back you can slow run and run in the air. Sounds like a Wily Coyote cartoon? The best part is when you come to a complete stop, Boy will look down before he falls. 2) My cart was probably just dirty, but about twenty minutes into playing the game, the number '8" and a purple bar appeared above the black item tray. 

The opening sequences of Ghosts 'N Goblins and Jackie Chan's Action Kung Fu are shockingly similar. Evil Demons appaer from the sky and kidnap Princesses. 

Baby Boomer has the weirdest stage locations. OK, I'll accept a baby wandering lost through a garden, but then a graveyard, then Heaven, then Hell? WTF!? 

OK, the Vietnam setting for Jackal is pretty crazy, what, given the huge fortress of death at the end, but come on, Konami, Medusa statues in 'Nam!?    


Did you know that: 

In 8 Eyes, to beat the game (impossible, play control is too bad) you must go through the 7 castles in the right order. That's 5040 combinations! 

Illogical things about The Adventures of Tom Sawyer: 

There is no way that Tom could have fought a blimp in level five. Blimps weren't made until the 20th century. 

Injun Joe fights on top a brontosaurus, which also wasn't discovered until the 20th century. 

There was a sequel to Arkanoid in the arcades, but it was not on the NES. It's name: Arkanoid 2: Revenge of Doh  

Castlevania is based on a PC Game called Vampire Killer  by Konami which has the same levels as the NES games, but with better graphics and music. However, in Vampire Killer, you must search the levels for keys to progress to the next stage. 

Haunted Castle is great arcade based off Castlevania. Simon's new bride is kidnapped by Dracula and Simon leaves to rescue her. The arcade copyright says 1988, but I don't know for sure that it came out AFTER Castlevania.   

The Floating Mask in Castlevania II is based off a story of a lesbian vampire countess. 

Sypha in Castlevania III is not a man, but a woman. 

Technically speaking, there is no way that Alucard is the son of Dracula, because Alucard was created in monster movies to rake in the money. Also, if you haven't noticed Alucard is Dracula spelled backwards. 

In Donkey Kong, the programmers had to delete a stage from the arcade game to fit the game in the cart. However, when Nintendo released Donkey Kong Classics, they did not add the stage back, even though they had the memory to do so. 

Guerrilla War is actually about Fidel Castro's and Ché's overthrow of the Cuban government?(Yes, you play Fidel or Ché and the Japanese name for this game is Guevara) Yet this game wasn't even protested by Jesse Helms, and that this guy looks a lot like Castro: 

 

Super Model, Fabio, who just turned 40, is Kuros on the cover of IronSword: Wizards & Warriors II. This leads to really lame jokes like, "I can't believe it's not Arnold!" 

Problems in Karnov: The instruction booklet claims two things that make no sense: 
1) Karnov is "a one-time circus strongman with a unique talent for shooting fireballs." Come on, all circus strongmen can spit fireballs. Karnov would be unique if he could shoot fireballs from his butt. 
2) Karnov is on his quest to "regain the Lost Treasure of Babylon for his people!" Karnov is Russian, the Babylonians were Middle Easterners, they are not just people. 

Scary! As in turns out, Kung Fu is based off a 1984 Jackie Chan Martial Arts film called  Kwai tsan tseh. Check out the movie's information at The Internet Movie Database http://us.imdb.com/Title?0087578. 

The story of Little Nemo: An American, Winsor McCay, starting writing the Adventures in Sumberland in 1905. In 1990, a Japanese anime company made it into an anime film in Japan. Tied into the movie, they released an arcade game called Nemo in every country of the world except the United States, Canada, and Mexico. In the United States they released Little Nemo: The Dream Master, but the movie, dubbed in English, didn't hit  come to the U.S. until 1992. 

The original idea behind N.A.R.C. was for you to be the drug dealer, but because of the Regan's crackdown on drugs, they reversed the roles. 

The original idea behind A Nightmare on Elm Street was for you to be Freddy and kill teenagers, before they gathered your bones and burned them? (I have a poster of LJN games in development that has the ad to prove it) But because of the infamous Atari game The Texas Chainsaw Massacre, which was returned and protested by parents who were shocked to see their kids kill people, they completely switched the game play so the player plays the teens. 

Issue no. 2 of Nintendo Power had the most complaints of any cover, because that on the cover, Simon Belmont is holding the decapitated head of Dracula, and this gave little kids nightmares? 

The worst game feature in Nintendo Power was Robin Hood: Price of Thieves, not because the game was bad, but because the game wasn't released until six months after the feature. 

The arcade version of Rush'N Attack was first called Green Beret. 

The arcade version of Super C only lets you have five continues at most. 

The game americans know as Super Mario Bros. is an famicon game called Doki Doki Panic, just with the Mario characters slapped on and a few minor changes. Odder still is that our SMB 2 was released in Japan as Super Mario USA. Doki Doki are the Japanese words for the sound that the heart makes when beats rapidly. 

Seanbaby pointed this one out: Wood Man and Hard Man are gay robot porn film stars. 

While Link's final battle in Zelda II is his own shadow, the makers of the game claim that it is the new form of Ganon. 


Did you know that you can do this in these games? 

Bee 52 is the only NES game in which you can kill your enemies by vomiting on them. 

You can defeat the pro level tournament on Blades of Steel if you make one goal ahead of the CPU, then skate around in circles avoiding the CPU until the clock runs out. 

In Lee Trevino's Fighting Golf, select the Stroke or Nassau mode. Get a hole-in-one on any course, and the next course's description will appear in Japanese. 

In Maniac Mansion you can put Weird Ed's hamster in the microwave and BLOW IT UP!!!?(disclaimer: I do not endorse putting real hamsters in microwaves) And that if you give him the hamster's remains, he will kill you? (Thanks, Magitek Chocobo) {Only Syd and Razor will do this} 

Also, in Maniac Mansion by pressing the keypad out to the right of the steel door five times will cause a nuclear holocaust that will destroy everything in a 5-mile radius? 

In the Mega Man 3,4,5, and 6 you can use the Rush Jet underwater. 

In Metroid Samus Aran possesses The Screw Attack. This was brought to my attention in the #nes98. Personally, I find this hilarious. An example of dialogue: 

Mother Brain: You can't beat me with those puny missiles, loser! 

Samus: No, I'm just going to... screw you to death! 

In Rampage, if your monster partner is defeated, he will transform back into a human and you can eat him? 

Jackie Chan recives special moves in Jackie Chan's Action Kung Fu by punching, oddly and inexplicably enough, frogs.   


Ever wonder? 

Who was the guy who invented the 3 lives concept? 

Why was Airwolf made and released two years after the TV series was canceled due to poor ratings and has "Based on the Hit TV Series" printed on the cover? 

How is it possible that the Joker survived the 40-story fall to return in fighting condition in Batman: Return of the Joker? I think that even if the Joker could survive, he would be a vegetable for the rest of his life. 

If Blades of Steel had used real NHL hockey players in the game, what kind of algorithm would be used to simulate the fights between the players? 

Who decided to name the truck Sophie III in Blaster Master? Who are Sophie I and II? 

Why do they call him Donkey Kong? It's not a donkey, its a gorilla, and what would he want with Pauline? 

Why does Jimmy Lee decide to help his brother in Double Dragon II: The Revenge. If my brother beat the living daylights out of me, I sure wouldn't help him. 

Why the other three Final Fantasy games were never released in the US? 

Why is it that in Final Fantasy, if you kill a monster and another party member is programmed to attack it, they attack the dead corpse. 

Why Mario has a huge life bar in Mario 64 but dies so easily in his NES games? (thanks, DFortress) 

In the Mega Man games, what does the P on the weapons bar stand for? 

Who would win in a robot duel, Mega Man's sister Roll, who uses a dust buster as her weapon, or Dust Man, who has an entire vacuum cleaner? 

If Hard Man, Wood Man, and Dive Man are robot porn stars? (thanks Seanbaby) 

How cool Friday the 13th and A Nightmare on Elm Street would be if you could play the bad guys? 

For those of you who didn't understand why the NES game Goonies II  is not just Goonies, it's because Goonies was a PlayChoice 10 game only. Goonies II does not imply that the game is a sequel to the movie.   

Why do huge, planet-devouring aliens have robots and mechinal cities inside of them (Life Force and Abadox)? 

NARC is short for Narcotics Officer, but what does/why is the game called N.A.R.C.? 

Answer: N.A.R.C. was just a misspelling (thanks Mallrat) 

Why does Ashtar from NGII: The Dark Sword of Chaos have no mouth? How does he talk out loud?(thanks, NGHP) 

Why do you have to hold reset and turn the power off to safeguard against saved game loss? 

What kind of pick-up line does Space Harrier uses on girls? Maybe something like: Have you ever done it inverted at 400 MPH before? 

Why do video rental places put "Be Kind, Please Rewind" stickers on their NES carts? 

Does Wisdom Tree actually think its games teach kids about God and renew their faith? 

Cameos 

The horns in Cell Stage 1 of Life Force appear in Stage 2 of Abadox 

The beloved currency of Hyrule, the rupee, is also found is Clu Clu Land. 

It was misreported as a cameo that the Eggplant Wizard's eggplants appear in Ice Climber.This can't be true since Ice Climber was made and released before Kid Icarus. 

Jason of Friday the 13th appears in Ninja Gaiden II: The Dark Sword of Chaos. He is renamed as Jackson, but his hockey mask and machete gives himself away. 

Many of the crew from Ghosts 'N Goblins, The Devil, the red devil, zombies, the magician, also appear in Gargoyle's Quest II, but they have different names. Note that the main character is the red devil. 

Karnov is the first boss in Bad Dudes. 

List of Mario's NES Staring Roles (as taken from Mario Mania): 

Donkey Kong, Donkey Kong Jr., Mario Bros., Super Mario Bros., Super Mario Bros., 2 Super Mario Bros., 3 Dr. Mario 

and camoes: 

Pinball, Tennis, Golf, Mike Tyson's Punch-Out!! and Punch-Out!!, Wrecking Crew, NES Open Tournament Golf, Yoshi's Cookie 

Metroids appear in Kid Icarus and Astyanax. 

Ryan Philippe, star of the film Cruel Intentions, appears as the nude body double for Ryan in River City Ransom, where Ryan and Alex are taking a shower. 

Billy and Jimmy Lee are bad guys in River City Ransom. I think that this makes no sense. I would believe that Jimmy would be a bad guy (boss of DD1) but Billy was a good guy throughout the entire series; I can't accept him as a bad guy. 

Another Cameo for the Dragon twins; they're a team in Super Spike V' Ball. 

R.O.B. has a cameo as the navigator of Dr. J's submarine in StarTropics. 

Tetrads, the blocks from Tetris, are also found in StarTropics 2: Zoda's Revenge. In fact, the whole point of the game is to get all the Tetrads. 

The horns in Cell Stage 1 of Life Force appear in Stage 2 of Abadox 

Games that sound like pornos but aren't: 

Action 52; Best of the Best;  Bugs Bunny's Birthday Blowout; Bump N' Jump; Bust a Move; Elevator Action;  Fantasy Zone ; Hammerin' Harry; Final Fantasy ; Golf Grand Slam; Heavy Barrel;  Heavy Shreddin' ; Master Chu and the Drunken Hu;  Mega Man; Monster in My Pocket;  Spelunker;  Toobin';  Top Gun; Whomp 'Em 

Bad Grammar Mode EZ 

From Castlevania II: Simon's Quest: "You now prossess Dracula's Rib(Ring, etc)!" 

Faxanadu (this may not be worded exactly right)..."This is not enough golds!" (Thanks Marc) 

Metal Gear: "Oh no! The truck have started to move!" "I feel asleep!" 
Pro Wrestling: "A winner is you." 
Mega Man 6: "My scheme for world domination have faild!" 

From Ultima: Exodus: there is a tree (I think) who says "I am ashamed of my crines." 


Continuity problems 

Mega Man's hair is black in Mega Man 2 and in all the other Mega Man games, but it is blue in four. Compare: 

 and 
  
  


